Annatations

are we doing get x from y?

//7:24 is now

how to make actions?


whoopsie daisieess:
haven't really tried to fix these yet, just notes for later:
get chicken coop entrance reporting when going from Path to OutsideWorld
can go north from OutsideWorld

fucking hell why?:



errorz ingame
 get hay



mission structure:
collect three lubes, get done by the junimo king

start with egg hunt
receive 3 eggs during egg hunt
lose to abigail

the community center mayo bundle.
slime egg - joja lube, joja mayo
void egg - get it from the egg hunt, void mayonnaiss
dinosaur egg -
spicy jam lube?

cockles in crab pots

pacifist ending - starfruit preserves
neutral ending - joja lube
genocide ending - void mayo
true ending - collect all three lubes

seed maker
prismatic shards
iridium condom

conspicuous lack of hoe
hyper speed gro


Harvey's kink is pleasure denial, begging for kink
Robin's kink is flacidity, and chastity
Gus is into vore  -- nooooo that is even worse than Feederism https://www.feabie.com/  
Penny is into oviposition
Clint's likes heat, wax, branding, etc

krobuses are in gimp suits



games structure:

complete the slippery bundle in the community center:
it can take 3 items, but only requires one

3 f's of stardew:
farming - starfruit preserves (mayo?)
friending - void mayo
fighting - joja brand slime aioli



farming : you need a void chicken to make a void egg
you need a mayo machine- made from Wood (15) Stone (15) Earth Crystal (1) Copper Bar (1)
void egg can be obtained from krobus, or a witch event, or shane, or a void salmon pond, or won from the egg hunt?
you lose egg hunt to abigail, and the winner receives the void egg



fighting - you need to get the slime ring to meet the slime king (friends with the junimo king) who lives on floor 69 of the mines.
the cosmic slime king will give you astroglob(?) in exchange for solar essence, which is a super low friction substance (used by cosmic slimes to prevent burning up on entry into planetary atmosphere, clearly) required to make joja brand slime lotion
to enter the mines you need a pickaxe.
your iridium pickaxe is in the blacksmith, clint either wants money (can be obtained the normal way) or a gift of his favorite kink type (candle, branding iron, campfire(?))
